In our website learning management system we provides all type information of 
various topics and variour books and courses also on our website
 you can learn those topics by watching video tutorials
 and you can also read book provided by us.




 C is a programming language invented in the early 1970s by Dennis Ritchie as a language for writing operating systems.
The purpose of C is to precisely define a series of operations that a computer 
can perform to accomplish a task. Most of these operations involve manipulating numbers and text, 

but anything that the computer can physically do can be programmed in c



C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features,
 while also providing facilities for low-level memory manipulation.
It was designed with a bias toward system programming and embedded, resource-constrained and large systems,
 with performance, efficiency and flexibility of use as its design highlights.
 


Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) is the standard markup language for creating web pages and web applications.
 With Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) and JavaScript, it forms a triad of cornerstone technologies for the World Wide Web. 
Web browsers receive HTML documents from a web server or from local storage and render the documents into multimedia web pages





Java is a general-purpose computer-programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, 
and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible.
 It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" 
 meaning that compiled Java code can run on all platforms that support Java without the need for recompilation





Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) is a style sheet language used for describing the presentation of a document written in a markup language.
 Although most often used to set the visual style of web pages and user interfaces written in HTML and XHTML, 
the language can be applied to any XML document, including plain XML, SVG and XUL, and is applicable to rendering in speech, or on other media




A book is a series of pages assembled for easy portability and reading, as well as the composition contained in it.
 The book's most common modern form is that of a codex volume consisting of rectangular paper pages bound on one side, 
with a heavier cover and spine, so that it can fan open for reading.